<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# Atc.Rest

<br />

## AtcRestAssemblyTypeInitializer

>```csharp
>public static class AtcRestAssemblyTypeInitializer
>```


<br />

## IRequestContext
Provides access to HTTP request context information including identity and correlation identifiers.
><b>Remarks:</b> This interface is typically used in service layers to access request-scoped information without directly depending on `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.HttpContext`.

>```csharp
>public interface IRequestContext
>```

### Properties

#### CallingIdentity
>```csharp
>CallingIdentity
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets the identity of the current caller from the authentication principal.
#### CorrelationId
>```csharp
>CorrelationId
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets the correlation ID that tracks a request across multiple services.
>
><b>Remarks:</b> The correlation ID is propagated across service boundaries to enable distributed tracing and tracking of a logical operation that spans multiple microservices.
#### OnBehalfOfIdentity
>```csharp
>OnBehalfOfIdentity
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets the identity of the original caller when the service is acting on behalf of another user or service.
>
><b>Remarks:</b> In service-to-service scenarios, this represents the end-user identity when a core service makes the request. If not acting on behalf of another identity, this returns the same value as `Atc.Rest.IRequestContext.CallingIdentity`.
#### RequestCancellationToken
>```csharp
>RequestCancellationToken
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets the cancellation token that is triggered when the HTTP request is aborted.
>
><b>Remarks:</b> This token should be passed to asynchronous operations to allow graceful cancellation when the client disconnects or the request times out.
#### RequestId
>```csharp
>RequestId
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets the unique request ID for the current HTTP request.
>
><b>Remarks:</b> This ID is used for tracking individual requests and correlating log entries.

<br />

## RequestContext
Default implementation of `Atc.Rest.IRequestContext` that provides access to HTTP request context information.
><b>Remarks:</b> This class uses `Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.IHttpContextAccessor` to access the current HTTP context and extract identity, correlation, and request identifiers. It is registered as a transient service when `Atc.Rest.Options.RestApiOptions.UseHttpContextAccessor` is enabled.

>```csharp
>public class RequestContext : IRequestContext
>```

### Properties

#### CallingIdentity
>```csharp
>CallingIdentity
>```
#### CorrelationId
>```csharp
>CorrelationId
>```
#### OnBehalfOfIdentity
>```csharp
>OnBehalfOfIdentity
>```
#### RequestCancellationToken
>```csharp
>RequestCancellationToken
>```
#### RequestId
>```csharp
>RequestId
>```
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
