<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# Atc.Console.Spectre.Factories.Infrastructure

<br />

## TypeRegistrar
Implementation of `Spectre.Console.Cli.ITypeRegistrar` that registers types in an `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.IServiceCollection`.

>```csharp
>public class TypeRegistrar : ITypeRegistrar
>```

### Methods

#### Build
>```csharp
>ITypeResolver Build()
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Builds a `Spectre.Console.Cli.ITypeResolver` from the configured service collection.
>
><b>Returns:</b> A new `Spectre.Console.Cli.ITypeResolver` instance.
#### Register
>```csharp
>void Register(Type service, Type implementation)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Registers a service type with its implementation type as a singleton.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`service`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The service type to register.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`implementation`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The implementation type.<br />
#### RegisterInstance
>```csharp
>void RegisterInstance(Type service, object implementation)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Registers a service type with a specific instance as a singleton.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`service`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The service type to register.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`implementation`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The implementation instance.<br />
#### RegisterLazy
>```csharp
>void RegisterLazy(Type service, Func<object> factory)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Registers a service type with a factory function as a singleton.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`service`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The service type to register.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`factory`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The factory function to create instances.<br />

<br />

## TypeResolver
Implementation of `Spectre.Console.Cli.ITypeResolver` that resolves types using an `System.IServiceProvider`.

>```csharp
>public class TypeResolver : ITypeResolver, IDisposable
>```

### Methods

#### Dispose
>```csharp
>void Dispose()
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Disposes the service provider if it implements `System.IDisposable`.
#### Resolve
>```csharp
>object Resolve(Type type)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Resolves an instance of the specified type using the service provider.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`type`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The type to resolve.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> An instance of the specified type, or null if `type` is null.
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
