<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# Atc.Factories

<br />

## AsyncEnumerableFactory
Provides factory methods for creating instances of `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`.

>```csharp
>public static class AsyncEnumerableFactory
>```

### Static Methods

#### Empty
>```csharp
>IAsyncEnumerable<T> Empty()
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Returns an empty `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`.
>
><b>Returns:</b> An empty `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`.
#### FromEnumerable
>```csharp
>IAsyncEnumerable<T> FromEnumerable(IEnumerable<T> source, CancellationToken cancellationToken = null)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Wraps an `System.Collections.Generic.IEnumerable`1` as an `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`, yielding each element in order.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`source`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The synchronous sequence to wrap.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`cancellationToken`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;A token to cancel the asynchronous iteration; checked before each element is yielded.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> An `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1` that yields each element of `source`.
#### FromItems
>```csharp
>IAsyncEnumerable<T> FromItems(T[] items, CancellationToken cancellationToken = null)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Wraps an array of items as an `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`, yielding each item in order.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`items`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The items to yield.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`cancellationToken`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;A token to cancel the asynchronous iteration; checked before each item is yielded.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> An `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1` that yields each element of `items`.
#### FromSingleItem
>```csharp
>IAsyncEnumerable<T> FromSingleItem(T item, CancellationToken cancellationToken = null)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Converts a single item into an `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1`.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`item`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The item to convert.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`cancellationToken`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;A token to cancel the asynchronous iteration.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> An `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1` containing the single item.
#### FromTask
>```csharp
>IAsyncEnumerable<T> FromTask(Task<T> task, CancellationToken cancellationToken = null)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Creates an `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1` that awaits the specified task and yields its result as a single element.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`task`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The task whose result will be yielded.<br />
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`cancellationToken`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;A token to cancel the asynchronous operation before the task is awaited.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> An `System.Collections.Generic.IAsyncEnumerable`1` that yields the single result of `task`.
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
