<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# Atc.Extensions.BaseTypes

<br />


## DateTimeExtensions
Extensions for the `System.DateTime` class.


```csharp
public static class DateTimeExtensions
```

### Static Methods


#### DateTimeDiff

```csharp
double DateTimeDiff(this DateTime startDate, DateTime endDate, DateTimeDiffCompareType howToCompare)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Find the diff between to DateTimes.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`startDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The start date.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`endDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The end date.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`howToCompare`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The how to compare.<br />
<p><b>Returns:</b> The number between start date and end date, depend on the DiffCompareType.</p>

#### GetPrettyTimeDiff

```csharp
string GetPrettyTimeDiff(this DateTime startDate, int decimalPrecision = 3)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Gets the pretty time difference.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`startDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The start date.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`decimalPrecision`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The decimal precision.<br />
#### GetPrettyTimeDiff

```csharp
string GetPrettyTimeDiff(this DateTime startDate, DateTime endDate, int decimalPrecision = 3)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Gets the pretty time difference.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`startDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The start date.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`decimalPrecision`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The decimal precision.<br />
#### GetWeekNumber

```csharp
int GetWeekNumber(this DateTime date)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Gets the week number from a given date.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`date`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The date.<br />
<p><b>Returns:</b> The week number from the given date.</p>

#### IsBetween

```csharp
bool IsBetween(this DateTime date, DateTime startDate, DateTime endDate)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Returns true if the date is between or equal to one of the two values.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`date`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;DateTime Base, from where the calculation will be preformed.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`startDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;Start date to check for.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`endDate`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;End date to check for.<br />
<p><b>Returns:</b> boolean value indicating if the date is between or equal to one of the two values.</p>

#### ToIso8601Date

```csharp
string ToIso8601Date(this DateTime dateTime)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> To the iso8601 date.</p>

<b>Code example:</b>

```csharp
string isoDate = DateTime.UtcNow.ToIso8601Date()
```
#### ToIso8601UtcDate

```csharp
string ToIso8601UtcDate(this DateTime dateTime)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> To the iso8601 UTC date.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dateTime`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The date time.<br />
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
