<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# Atc.Structs

<br />

## CartesianCoordinate
Represents an latitude- and longitude-coordinate.

>```csharp
>public struct CartesianCoordinate : IEquatable<CartesianCoordinate>
>```

### Properties

#### IsDefault
>```csharp
>IsDefault
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Gets a value indicating whether this instance is default.
#### Latitude
>```csharp
>Latitude
>```
#### Longitude
>```csharp
>Longitude
>```
### Methods

#### Deconstruct
>```csharp
>void Deconstruct(out double Latitude, out double Longitude)
>```
#### Equals
>```csharp
>bool Equals(CartesianCoordinate other)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Determines whether the specified `Atc.Structs.CartesianCoordinate` is equal to the current instance using approximate floating-point comparison.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`other`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The coordinate to compare with the current instance.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> <see langword="true" /> if the latitude and longitude values are approximately equal; otherwise, <see langword="false" />.
#### Equals
>```csharp
>bool Equals(object obj)
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Determines whether the specified `Atc.Structs.CartesianCoordinate` is equal to the current instance using approximate floating-point comparison.
>
><b>Parameters:</b><br>
>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`other`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The coordinate to compare with the current instance.<br />
>
><b>Returns:</b> <see langword="true" /> if the latitude and longitude values are approximately equal; otherwise, <see langword="false" />.
#### GetHashCode
>```csharp
>int GetHashCode()
>```
#### ToString
>```csharp
>string ToString()
>```
#### ToStringShort
>```csharp
>string ToStringShort()
>```
><b>Summary:</b> Returns a short string representation of the coordinate in the format "latitude, longitude".
>
><b>Returns:</b> A comma-separated string containing the latitude and longitude values.
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
