<div style='text-align: right'>

[References](Index.md)&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;[References extended](IndexExtended.md)
</div>

# System.Data

<br />


## DataTableExtensions
Extensions for the `System.Data.DataTable` class.


```csharp
public static class DataTableExtensions
```

### Static Methods


#### FilterTable

```csharp
DataTable FilterTable(this DataTable dataTable, string filterExpression, string sortExpression)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Filters the table.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dataTable`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The data table.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`filterExpression`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The filter expression.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`sortExpression`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The sort expression.<br />
#### GetGroupCount

```csharp
Dictionary<string, int> GetGroupCount(this DataTable dataTable, string countOnColumn)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Gets the group count.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dataTable`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The data table.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`countOnColumn`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The count on column.<br />
#### SortTable

```csharp
DataTable SortTable(this DataTable dataTable, string sortOnColumn, SortDirectionType sortDirection)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Sorts the table.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dataTable`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The data table.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`sortOnColumn`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The sort on column.<br />
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`sortDirection`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The sort direction.<br />
#### ToCollection

```csharp
List<T> ToCollection(this DataTable dataTable)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Toes the collection.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dataTable`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The data table.<br />
<p><b>Returns:</b> The list of T.</p>

#### ToXPathNodeIterator

```csharp
XPathNodeIterator ToXPathNodeIterator(this DataTable dataTable)
```
<p><b>Summary:</b> Convert to XPathNodeIterator from a DataTable.</p>

<b>Parameters</b>

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;`dataTable`&nbsp;&nbsp;-&nbsp;&nbsp;The data table.<br />
<hr /><div style='text-align: right'><i>Generated by MarkdownCodeDoc version 1.2</i></div>
